To create a neural
network out of layers,
you need to put them together.
In a deep network,
you run them one
after the other in
a sequential way.
Let me show you how
you can do this.
First, you will observe how
a basic neural network
is defined in Trax.
Then I'll show you some of
the benefits of using a
framework like TensorFlow,
which is the framework
that Trax is built on.
Let's take this network
architecture as an example.
In this model, you have
two hidden layers with
sigmoid activation functions and
an output layer with
softmax activation.
In Trax, you'll need to
specify the type of
model architecture.
For simple architectures
like this one,
you'll use a serial model.
To start, list the layers
from left to right,
or from your input variables
to the output layer.
In this case, first you
have a dense layer
with four units,
and then assign
the sigmoid activation
function to that layer.
After that, repeat the process
for the second hidden layer
and the output layer.
You can specify any architecture
you like in the simple way.
Note that, this way to specify
your models architecture,
follows the order in which
the computations are made
in your neural network.
There are several advantages
to using libraries like Trax,
such as they're
designed to perform
computations efficiently
in hardware like CPUs,
GPUs, and even TPUs.
They allow you to easily
perform parallel computing by
running gear models on
multiple machines or
course simultaneously.
They keep a record of all
the algebraic operations
on your neural net in the
order of computation.
So they are able to
compute the gradients
of your model automatically.
There are many open source
frameworks out there,
and Trax is one of the latest.
It's based on TensorFlow.
You might be already
familiar with
TensorFlow, PyTorch, and JAX.
If you're not familiar
with those, don't worry.
I'll show you the basics
of Trax and you'll be
able to implement
amazing NLP models.
So far, I showed
you how to define
a model in Trax with the simple
sequential architecture,
and I pointed out some of
the advantages to be had,
like computational efficiency
and parallel computing.
Next, I'll get into more
detail on how to use Trax.